now these are only about three meters
long the biggest have been double this
size over six meters long
I can't even conceive a great white that
big
[Music]
and some animals it just sees it's
totally rule their environment they just
have this aura of invincibility about
them extraordinary almost completely
left the water off and that's the cage
of the waste here as well it's not just
one of the most ferocious animals on the
planet now it's one of the most precious
animals that's ever lived
we've had perfect sea conditions
terrific visibility and the closest
clearest views of this iconic beast I've
ever seen
[Music]
you